Chore/v1.0.0 beta.84 (#571)
Redocly/openapi-cli: docs/changelog.md

# OpenAPI CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.84 (2022-02-23)

### Fixes

> - Fixed an issue with `lint` connamd crashing when server URL is empty.
> - Fixed an issue with `lint` connamd crashing when enum value is invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the `lint` command crashing when the server URL field is empty.
- Fixed an issue with the `lint` command crashing when an `enum` value is invalid.
```
